Borrow money?
Don't play dumb, I finally got it.
Dinh Dinh, what's wrong with you?
What do you know?
I didn't expect Tieu Pham to become a prostitute because of me.
That woman looks like a rich person.
Probably the rich lady raised Tieu Pham.
Tieu Pham, I will come here with you from now on, okay?
Come here.
Don't worry about me, I didn't mean anything by it.
I will not disturb your normal life.
If one day you don't need me anymore, I will go by myself.
I also do not know how to force it to the end.
From now on, just take good care of me.
Not important.
I don't care at all.
This.
A few more days to live.
She's awake.
Tieu Pham, I'll go home and get some things later.
Clothes and makeup.
I will send to live with you later.
I'm fine too.
Let's go.